




Datacore Discord - Progress

Added support for custom rendering of group-level blocks:


Try this bad boy

The entire code for this:
\`\`\`jsx
const COLUMNS = \[
    { id: "Game", value: (game) => game.$link },
    { id: "Time Played", value: (game) => game.value("time played") ?? game.value("time-played") },
    { id: "Length", value: (game) => game.value("length") },
    { id: "Tags", value: (game) => game.$tags.filter(t => t.startsWith("#game/")).join(" ") },
    { id: "Rating", value: (game) => game.value("rating") }
\];

function YearGroup(year, rows) {
    return \<dc.Group justify="space-between" align="center">
        \<h2>{year}\</h2>
        \<span>{rows.length} entries\</span>
    \</dc.Group>;
}

const GROUPINGS = { render: YearGroup };

function timePlayed(input) {
    let raw = input.value("time played") ?? input.value("time-played");
    while (Array.isArray(raw)) raw = raw\[0\];

    if (typeof raw === "string") return undefined;
    return raw;
}

return function View() {
    const \[nameFilter, setNameFilter\] = dc.useState("");

    const games = dc.useQuery("#game and @page");
    const grouped = dc.useArray(games, array => {
        return array
            .where(x => nameFilter === "" ? true : x.$name.toLowerCase().contains(nameFilter.toLowerCase()))
            .sort(x => timePlayed(x), 'desc')
            .groupBy(x => timePlayed(x)?.year)
            .sort(x => x.key, 'desc');
    }, \[nameFilter\]);

    return (
        \<dc.Stack>
            \<dc.Group id="search-controls" justify="end">
                \<dc.Textbox type="search" placeholder="Filter..." width="600px" onChange={e => setNameFilter(e.target.value)} />
            \</dc.Group>
            \<dc.VanillaTable groupings={GROUPINGS} columns={COLUMNS} rows={grouped} paging={12}/>
        \</dc.Stack>
    );
}
\`\`\`

First pass at block-level search + embedding on the latest version.

The code is here...
\`\`\`jsx
return function View() {
    const blocks = dc.useQuery(\`@block and #tagged\`);

    return \<div>
        {blocks.map(block => (
            \<dc.SpanEmbed path={block.$file} start={block.$position.start} end={block.$position.end} />
        ))}
    \</div>;
}
\`\`\`

Replace \`#tagged\` in the query with whatever tag.
Now I need to fix link detection in blocks so that works...

For 0.1.12, I've added a crappy guard to all views which waits for Datacore to actually become initialized before rendering the view, which avoids scripts from erroring out due to the page not being ready yet.

(This was also relevent since \`dc.require()\` could fail early too).


Beta 0.1.15 includes a bunch of fixes from \<users> , including fields working directly in queries again. This means you can do queries like rating >= 8 to get all things with a rating field of 8 or higher again.

The next beta will include dataview-style task-views and some fixes to initial indexing to make it much faster.

Beta 0.1.17 ended up being a bit different and is instead canvas indexing support. Now the \_actual\_ next beta will be task views...








